[Modules] Added Alias (#1094)
Azure/ResourceModules: arm/Microsoft.Subscription/aliases/readme.md

This module deploys a Subscription Alias.

## Resource Types

| Resource Type | API Version |
| :-- | :-- |
| `Microsoft.Management/managementGroups/subscriptions` | 2021-04-01 |
| `Microsoft.Subscription/aliases` | 2021-10-01 |

## Parameters

| Parameter Name | Type | Default Value | Possible Values | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `billingAccount` | string |  |  | Required. BillingAccount used for subscription billing |
| `enrollmentAccount` | string |  |  | Required. EnrollmentAccount used for subscription billing |
| `managementGroupId` | string |  |  | Optional. The ID of the management group to deploy into. If not provided the subscription is deployed into the root management group |
| `subscriptionAlias` | string |  |  | Required. Alias to assign to the subscription |
| `subscriptionDisplayName` | string |  |  | Required. Display name for the subscription |
| `subscriptionId` | string |  |  | Optional. This parameter can be used to create alias for existing subscription Id |
| `subscriptionOwnerId` | string |  |  | Optional. Owner Id of the subscription |
| `subscriptionTenantId` | string |  |  | Optional. Tenant Id of the subscription |

> | `subscriptionWorkload` | string |  |  | Required. Workload type for the subscription |

Reviewer: Need an update here if you go with the suggestion on default value.
```suggestion
| `subscriptionWorkload` | string | `Production` | `[Production, DevTest]` | Optional. The workload type of the subscription. |
```
